docs: added example webhook handler in Python (fixes #9912) (#9924)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/docs/scheduled-triggers/recipes/daily-summary-email.mdx

simply going to send a `POST` request. Our webhook will parse the request, ensure the header is correct, and then query
the database to determine which customers should receive a summary of their new notifications.

Below, we've written an example of webhook. As we established earlier, this runs on port `4000`. If you're
attempting to run this locally, follow the instructions below. If you're running this in a hosted environment, use this
code as a guide to write your own webhook.

<Tabs
  defaultValue="javascript"
  values={[
    { label: 'Python', value: 'python' },
    { label: 'JavaScript', value: 'javascript' },
  ]}
>

>   <TabItem value="python">

Reviewer: Let's change the order and keep JavaScript as the first option 1️⃣

Make sure you have the necessary dependencies installed. You can use pip to install them:
```bash
pip install Flask secure-smtplib
```

<details>
<summary>
Then, create a new file called <code>index.py</code> and add the following code:
</summary>

```python
from flask import Flask, request, jsonify

> import smtplib

Reviewer: Let's bring in `SMTPException` as well. More context provided in the overall comment for the review.
```suggestion
import smtplib
from smtplib import SMTPException
```

from email.mime.multipart import MIMEMultipart
from email.mime.text import MIMEText
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import requests

app = Flask(__name)

# Create an SMTP server connection

> def create_smtp_server():
>     server = smtplib.SMTP(host='smtp.ethereal.email', port=587)
>     server.starttls()
>     server.login('<your-email-username>', '<your-email-password>')
>     return server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def create_smtp_server():
    try:
        server = smtplib.SMTP(host='smtp.ethereal.email', port=587)
        server.starttls()
        server.login('example@superstore.com', 'samplePassword123')
        return server
    except SMTPException as e:
        print(f"An error occurred while creating the SMTP server: {e}\n\n🔔We'll print the message to the terminal:\n\n")
        return None
```

If we wrap all of this in a try / exception block, we can still get that instant gratification and not have our server break.
